cz.chladek.android.preferences.BlinkingPreference
cz.chladek.android.preferences.BlinkingPreference: BlinkingPreference(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
cz.chladek.android.preferences.BlinkingPreference: BlinkingPreference(android.content.Context)
cz.chladek.android.preferences.BlinkingPreference: BlinkingPreference(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.BootReceiver
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.BootReceiver: BootReceiver()
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.MainActivity
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.MainActivity: MainActivity()
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.MyBackupAgent
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.MyBackupAgent: MyBackupAgent()
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$array: int array_language
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$array: int array_language_values
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$array: int check_life_interval
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$array: int check_life_interval_values
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$attr: int delay
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$attr: int duration
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$attr: int endColor
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$attr: int repeatCount
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$attr: int startColor
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$drawable: int arrow
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$drawable: int gift_large
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$drawable: int gift_medium
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$drawable: int gift_small
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$id: int arePositionTV
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$id: int areaPositionSB
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$id: int areaWidthSB
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$id: int areaWidthTV
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$id: int gift_large_iv
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$id: int gift_medium_iv
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$id: int gift_small_iv
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$id: int image
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$id: int linearLayout1
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$id: int swipeSensitivity
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$id: int swipeSensitivitySB
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$layout: int test_screen_layout
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int app_author
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int app_author_name
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int app_changelog
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int app_descriptions
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int app_name
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int app_name_space
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int app_translation
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int app_translation_names
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int app_version
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int button_cancel
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int button_ok
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_0
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_0_1
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_0_2
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_1
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_2
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_2_1
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_2_2
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_2_3
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_2_4
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_2_5
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_3
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_3_1
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_3_2
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_3_3
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_3_4
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_3_5
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_3_6
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_3_7
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_3_8
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_3_9
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_4
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_4_1
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_4_2
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_4_3
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_4_4
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_4_5
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_4_6
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int changelog_1_5
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int donate_large
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int donate_medium
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int donate_small
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int donate_successful
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int donation_large
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int donation_medium
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int donation_small
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int email_report_email
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int email_subject
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int image
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int licence_key
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_about
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_alternative_mode
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_alternative_mode_summary
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_bug_suggestions
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_bug_suggestions_summary
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_check_life_interval
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_check_life_interval_summary
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_dev_summary
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_dev_title
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_donate
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_donate_summary
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_expand_settings
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_expand_settings_error
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_expand_settings_off
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_expand_settings_on
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_general_settings
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_key_about
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_key_alternative_mode
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_key_area_position
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_key_area_width
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_key_bug_suggestions
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_key_check_life_interval
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_key_dev_preference
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_key_donate
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_key_expand_settings
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_key_language
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_key_multi_touch
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_key_others_category
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_key_permanent_visibility
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_key_show_only
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_key_start_service
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_key_status_bar_permanent_visibility
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_key_swipe_sensitivity
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_key_try_it
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_key_vibrate
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_key_vibrate_strength
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_language
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_language_summary
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_multi_touch
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_multi_touch_summary_off
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_multi_touch_summary_on
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_others
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_permanent_visibility
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_permanent_visibility_summary
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_show_only
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_show_only_off
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_show_only_on
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_show_status_bar
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_show_status_bar_summary
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_start_service
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_start_service_summary
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_swipe_position
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_swipe_width
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_try_it
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_try_it_summary
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_vibrate
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_vibrate_strength
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_vibrate_strength_summary
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int pref_vibrate_summary
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$string: int test_swipe_sensitivity
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$style: int Theme_Default
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$style: int Theme_Fullscreen
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$styleable: int[] BlinkingPreference
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$styleable: int BlinkingPreference_delay
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$styleable: int BlinkingPreference_duration
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$styleable: int BlinkingPreference_endColor
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$styleable: int BlinkingPreference_repeatCount
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$styleable: int BlinkingPreference_startColor
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.R$xml: int settings_main
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.StatusBarHelperActivity
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.StatusBarHelperActivity: StatusBarHelperActivity()
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.StatusBarService
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.StatusBarService: StatusBarService()
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.TestScreenActivity
cz.chladek.swipe_status_bar.TestScreenActivity: TestScreenActivity()
